At Snug - Date Safety, accessible from the App Store(r) and the Google Play Store(r), one of our main priorities is the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Snug - Date Safety and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for users of our software with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Snug - Date Safety. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this software.

Consent

By using our software, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.

Information we collect

The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.

If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.

When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, phone number, zip code, and physical features. This is all used for the core functionality of the application.
How we use your information

We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:

    Provide, operate, and maintain our software
    Personalize, and expand our software
    Understand and analyze what demographic groups use our software
    Communicate with you directly, for core service functionality

Log Files

Snug - Date Safety follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log your interaction with the software. The information collected by log files include which features you click on, and are only used to help debug and resolve any issues with the application. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. This information is stored on your device and is only sent to us if you manually choose to.

Cookies

Snug - Date Safety uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including user preferences. The information is used to optimize the user experience by customizing the sign in content based on user's first name and what color theme they prefer.

For more general information on cookies, please read "What Are Cookies".

Service Partners Privacy Policies

You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Snug - Date Safety.

    • Google Maps
    • Amazon Web Services (AWS)

Third-party services use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective services that appear on or are used by Snug - Date Safety. In some cases, they automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. 

Note that Snug - Date Safety has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party services.

Third Party Privacy Policies

Snug - Date Safety's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers, websites, or software. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party services for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.

CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)

Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:

Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.

Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.

Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
GDPR Data Protection Rights

We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.

The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

Children's Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using our software. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

Snug - Date Safety does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.